Added example of mixing xml and cpp QoS [9640] (#200)
eProsima/Fast-RTPS-docs: docs/fastdds/xml_configuration/making_xml_profiles.rst

|    :lines: 2-3, 5-14, 16                                                                                             |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Mixing XML with coded Qos
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Some scenarios require both a set of easily accessible QoS configuration and hard coded or variable dependent QoS.

> For such cases the :ref:`dds_layer_core_entity_types` which act as factories posses a method to get the QoS from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For such cases the :ref:`dds_layer_core_entity_types` which act as factories provide methods to get the QoS from the
```

> XML profile. This allows to extract the user defined QoS and modify them before applying them to a new entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XML profile. This allows the user to read and modify predefined XML profiles before applying them to a new entity.
```
